Add dissect.target[yara] as an optional dependency (#229)
fox-it/dissect.target: README.md

pip install dissect.target
```

> If you wish to use the YARA plugin (`target-query -f yara`), you can install `dissect.target[yara]` to automatically 
> install the `yara-python` dependency.
> 
> This module is also automatically installed if you install the `dissect` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is also automatically installed if you install the `dissect` package.

If you wish to use the YARA plugin (`target-query -f yara`), you can install `dissect.target[yara]` to automatically 
install the `yara-python` dependency.
```

I changed my mind :smile: with my previous suggestion it's unclear what "This module" refers to, so better to put this new sentence below.

```

> This module is also automatically installed if you install the `dissect` package.
> To enable `yara` with `dissect` install `dissect.target[yara]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use the YARA plugin (`target-query -f yara`), you can install `dissect.target[yara]` instead.

This module is also automatically installed if you install the `dissect` package.
```
